At the twentieth year of 2008, Blech Sparten Kloten again took the lead
At seven o'clock sharp, the tin opened its doors to the public
around 200 bathers open the first day of resurrection
Swimming pool after about two years of abstinence
the bathroom has been completely restructured and real estate
only the outdoor pool with the slide and the brine pool were to
Opening day not yet operational
the Schildgener diving school she was with wetsuits and Orton
Devices and submerged masses come for free trial
for the children there was only an extensive game program from 11 to 16
all about swimming and running
Breakfast is served in the restructured restaurant area in the Molino restaurant
and snacks for the hungry bathers in an appealing atmosphere and too
cheap prices
Franz Krämers personally welcomed many of the visitors
and gratefully accepted the congratulations for the opening
About 150 guests were eagerly awaiting the opening ceremony
also the talk of owner and operator Franz Krämers and the
Kloten Mayor Ulrich Ivanov
kite
I am very happy she has been helping to lessen the superstar
would welcome
he is no longer normal today but also the
I have him already over 200 hp
this morning
have set
Gallen
I would like to thank you very much
"I'm working on it for being punished and that
was
again today what have ended today
even if it is not clear yet
b is important
the smart way is
and maybe not everything is in use but also some
other problem children
like that in the areas are newly furnished
and we the players are going to have to
End of the 3
SV Holger Seibert back
is she here
We wish
this is never experienced
the kid stays Bremen is
si
the leaf
the opportunity
that's all
occasionally
next goal is
30 40
I love him
and something like that
July in Cologne Brussels and of course not missing until 4
an important item on the agenda 1
the rioters
otherwise
for him the costs are
thank you
click here
following the official part
Franz Krammer and I prefer promising and rites
between the bathers a first round in 32 degrees warm water
the two obviously enjoyed the attention of press and visitors
can you be proud after two years finally water in the
To have cymbals
Information about prices and opening times
Find out on the internet at www
Splash - Kloten points go
or 4 info phone below zero Zwo Drews is tough
9 0 3 1 9
Franz Kemmers also took the time to ask us a few questions
answer
Christian Franz Krämer the business
Leader of Fine / Bad GmbH so that it was all the best for the opening of the WEF
not that one
Percent equal clarified and then to look where the new concept is more
saves
yes our new concept as low prices
Wenger or five pages
Years active bad
Thomas Saur a lovable same
and these we have put a lot of effort into one volume
So we really work on the fact that the guest is here with us
that can become now
Super Plech was that we expect with them what he can not
Militia Passo Dal Pozzo loud in between the Kander and stuff
So we have percent
Super reflex is also Markus
waiting for
then a few degrees
water temperature
stuck now with 28 degrees were
and the outdoor pools at 32 degrees so that was up
July test match and it
for Hartung was
the wars
In the coming weeks and months that will be a job for them
which I think that I will normalize now reason
as well as again with the 9
Here is a tip Alonso forward which also as fast as possible
so the war so in 2009
of course the work again
with the planning
with the further steps
the 19-year-old initiated much success
both hits was in between